So Amazon EKS is to manage
Kubernetes clusters on AWS
and you can log stuff that's happening within your cluster.
So you can log what's happening with your pods,
your pods are your containers,
or you can log what's happening with your nodes,
and your nodes is the underlying infrastructure
of your EKS, your Kubernetes cluster.
So to give you an idea,
any event that happens within Amazon EKS
will have a TTL of 60 minutes.
It cannot be changed, and then it will be lost.
So to keep history beyond these 60 minutes,
you must send all these events into CloudWatch Logs,
and that is possible.
So anything such as the EKS control plane logs
can be sent to CloudWatch Logs,
as well as any events within your pods
can be sent to CloudWatch Logs as well.
So for the control plane logging,
you're going to get your audit logs,
you're going to get your diagnostic logs,
you're going to get your controller logs,
and you can define which log types
you want to send to CloudWatch Logs as well.
So that's it, just this little bit of information.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.